02_coursework/nxt100_mini-projects/01_projects/README.md, before:

# Projects at a glance

├── flexbox101
│ └── 00_basics
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of flexbox basics.

Flexbox 101 - basics has been done by following instructions from this [notion file](https://nxt100.notion.site/Play-around-with-flexbox-properties-fce67cab59de438faba182a3bbefaa55)

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   └── 01_nested-flexbox
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of nested-flexbox.

Nested Flexbox - has been done by following instructions from this [notion file](https://nxt100.notion.site/nxt100/9dea82c2c940478580d77dc26ff87884?v=eb241106fa9348828b8dce0372ac623f&p=05f3c25337804152bfb0d3b0f825d9aa)

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   └── 02_cards
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of cards.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   └── 03_flexbox-grid
└── README.md
The structure above shows the project structure of flexbox-grid.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   └── 04_flexbox-forms
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of flexbox-forms.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   ├── 04_flexbox-forms
|   └── 05_media-objects
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of media-objects.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   ├── 04_flexbox-forms
|   ├── 04_media-objects
|   └── 06_website-layout
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of website-layout.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   ├── 04_flexbox-forms
|   ├── 04_media-objects
|   ├── 04_website-layout
|   └── 07_freecodecamp
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of freecodecamp.

.
├── js101
│ └── 01_color-flipper
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of color-flipper.

Commit message:

day_50: grid101 - 00_basics and 01_website-layouts 1-12

02_coursework/nxt100_mini-projects/01_projects/README.md, after:

# Projects at a glance

├── flexbox101
│ └── 00_basics
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of flexbox basics.

Flexbox 101 - basics has been done by following instructions from this [notion file](https://nxt100.notion.site/Play-around-with-flexbox-properties-fce67cab59de438faba182a3bbefaa55)

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   └── 01_nested-flexbox
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of nested-flexbox.

Nested Flexbox - has been done by following instructions from this [notion file](https://nxt100.notion.site/nxt100/9dea82c2c940478580d77dc26ff87884?v=eb241106fa9348828b8dce0372ac623f&p=05f3c25337804152bfb0d3b0f825d9aa)

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   └── 02_cards
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of cards.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   └── 03_flexbox-grid
└── README.md
The structure above shows the project structure of flexbox-grid.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   └── 04_flexbox-forms
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of flexbox-forms.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   ├── 04_flexbox-forms
|   └── 05_media-objects
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of media-objects.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   ├── 04_flexbox-forms
|   ├── 04_media-objects
|   └── 06_website-layout
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of website-layout.

.
├── flexbox101
│   ├── 00_basics
│   ├── 01_nested-flexbox
│   ├── 02_cards
│   ├── 03_flexbox-grid
│   ├── 04_flexbox-forms
|   ├── 04_media-objects
|   ├── 04_website-layout
|   └── 07_freecodecamp
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of freecodecamp.

.
├── grid101
│ └── 00_basics
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of grid101.

.
├── js101
│ └── 01_color-flipper
└── README.md

The structure above shows the project structure of color-flipper.
